[docs] add docs on enterprise internal distribution (#12667)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/internal-distribution.md

}
```

### Android

Please note that if you override the `gradleCommand` on Android, you should ensure that it produces an `apk` rather than an `aab`, so it is directly installable to an Android device.

### iOS

> Add the `preview-enterprise` profile only if you have an Apple account with Apple Developer Enterprise Program membership. You'll learn more on this later. While using the enterprise provisioning, you can sign your app using a `universal` or `adhoc` provisioning profile. The former (`universal`) is recommended as it does not require you to register your devices with Apple.

Reviewer: `You'll learn more on this later` -> `You can learn more about this [here](some url)
or just remove that sentence

The next step is to generate or update the provisioning profile. When you proceed to running a build, you will be guided through this process.

#### Setting up enterprise provisioning

> If you plan on using enterprise provisioning, please sign in to the account with [Apple Developer Enterprise Program membership](https://developer.apple.com/programs/enterprise/). You probably don't have this, and it's expensive ($299 USD per year) and takes time to acquire, so you will likely be using ad hoc provisioning &mdash; this works on any normal paid Apple developer account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan on using enterprise provisioning, please sign in to the account with [Apple Developer Enterprise Program membership](https://developer.apple.com/programs/enterprise/). If you are not sure what it is, you probably don't have this, that into account that this membership is quite expensive ($299 USD per year) and takes time to acquire, so you will likely be using ad hoc provisioning &mdash; this works on any normal paid Apple developer account.
```
it sounds a bit patronising maybe sth like

> If you do have an Apple enterprise account, this makes internal distribution much easier for users who want to install your app for the first time. Once they install the profile to their device they can access the app right away. One limitation of using an enterprise provisioning profile is that you will need to have a distinct bundle identifier from the one that you use to publish your app to the App Store. We recommend setting your bundle identifier for internal distribution and committing that change on another branch. After that, whenever you want to create a preview branch you can check out that branch and rebase against the branch you'd like to create a build for.

Reviewer: using app.config.json to dynamically switch between identifiers would a better option for managed.
for generic it's probably easier to use separate branches as we don't support projects with multiple bundle identifiers

Also, you are assuming here that the developer is using an enterprise account for test builds and they distribute their app via app store which in most cases is not true. So I would suggest to preface part about separate branches with `If you distribute your app via app store`
